mini_nodejs_akinator/README.md, before:

<h1><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/duboviy/gamedev/master/logo.png" height=85 alt="logo" title="logo"> NodeJS Akinator</h1>

by [Eugene Duboviy](https://duboviy.github.io/)

[![Code Health](https://landscape.io/github/duboviy/gamedev/master/landscape.svg?style=flat)](https://landscape.io/github/duboviy/gamedev/master) [![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![PRs & Issues Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs%20&%20Issues-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/pulls) [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

Mini NodeJS Akinator App that tries to guess the animal


## License

**MIT** licensed library. See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for details.

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for improving the gamedev, please [open an issue or
pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/).

## Badges

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fuck-it-ship-it.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)
[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-hipsters.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-swag.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-electricity.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-oxygen.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-water.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-responsibility.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badge/)

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/makes-people-smile.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

Commit message:

Add installation and usage example

mini_nodejs_akinator/README.md, after:

<h1><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/duboviy/gamedev/master/logo.png" height=85 alt="logo" title="logo"> NodeJS Akinator</h1>

by [Eugene Duboviy](https://duboviy.github.io/)

[![Code Health](https://landscape.io/github/duboviy/gamedev/master/landscape.svg?style=flat)](https://landscape.io/github/duboviy/gamedev/master) [![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![PRs & Issues Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs%20&%20Issues-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/pulls) [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

Mini NodeJS Akinator App that tries to guess the animal

## Installation:

Install NodeJS with npm and install dependencies using:
```
$ npm install
```

## Usage:

Just execute:
```
$ node app.js
```
And open [link](http://127.0.0.1:3000/) in your browser:
http://127.0.0.1:3000/

## License

**MIT** licensed library. See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for details.

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for improving the gamedev, please [open an issue or
pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/).

## Badges

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fuck-it-ship-it.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)
[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-hipsters.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-swag.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-electricity.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-oxygen.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-water.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-responsibility.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)

[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badge/)

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/makes-people-smile.svg)](https://github.com/duboviy/gamedev/)
